listen godly Spartans Jolin is one of
the best songs ever written I know she
gets a bunch of accolades but I still
feel she's kind of underrated some
people only know her as Hannah Montana's
Mima but I'm not lying when I say that
dolly at this age at this point in time
can still get last from people so not
only is she hilarious she's had 25 songs
reached the number one but I come to
find out that Dolly Parton has a theme
park called Dollywood up in Tennessee
like I like some of the dolly songs
what does dolly know about theme parks
when I'm mrs. Martin has a movie around
her that she also did the soundtrack for
and I gotta say dumpling ain't no sierra
burgess let me explain so this movie's
based off of a book of the same name
that revolves around a girl named Willow
Dean whose aunts practically
indoctrinated the importance of Dolly
Parton to her practically saying she is
us and for those who saw Netflix's other
show insatiable and hated it I just I
thought it was fun trash I think this
one will make up for it Jennifer Aniston
produces and plays the mom in this movie
but the clear standout is Danielle
McDonald I've seen her rapping in the
movie patty cakes revolting against
Nazis and skin and how she's entering a
beauty pageant in Dublin girls got range
her and her friend Ellen were
practically raised by her Aunt Lucy
until she passed away before their final
year of high school and since she's
always been disconnected to her mom who
runs a beauty pageant she decides to
compete in said beauty pageants in order
to spider and cause a revolution and the
part that hit me the most about this
movie was that what was always
comfortable with her body right like she
never second-guessed herself until
people started making her feel insecure
so it's kind of like when you're a kid
and you're used to being carefree until
you go to middle school and you know you
start questioning the hair in your arms
if you're a girl because people call it
out how short you are compared to all
the other dudes in the locker room and
it's something that continues until
you're older like I've always been so
used to the demographics around me and I
never thought anything of it until I
went up to Minnesota and realized they
don't mind cartoons up there so wills
protests attracts another girl named
Millie who's also been getting bullied
can
the Hot Topic chick from Hellfest who's
toned it down a bit for this movie and a
friend Ellen who will doesn't want to
join the cause cuz reasons the thing
with will is that she's clearly being
angsty right obviously people looking
down on you every time you say you're
Jennifer Aniston's daughter can get to
you but your own mother being distant
from you is even worse
she almost even ruins her shot with a
hot kid named Bo because she can't
fathom a do like that like in her and
not Becca the pageant queen but he legit
fell in love with her confidence that's
way better than Ciara writing a mixtape
for the dude she catfished it isn't
until her friends take her to this bar
that her aunt used to frequent that she
realizes that Dolly Parton didn't just
impact busty blondes who won't be parks
the various people and so instead of
crashing the pageant like she wanted to
she decides to actually take it serious
and make a message out of it millie ends
up winning first runner-up will and her
mom bond and like a lot of these young
adult adaptations on netflix they're
bound to have a sequel i mean there's
already a follow a book called puddin
that focuses on Millie and Callie
we already saw how Millie's mom is kind
of a witch who annually sends her
daughter up to fat camp and Callie is
the dance captain who saw bring it on
way too many times
so seeing their dynamic and how they
oppose each other and how their can I
have to come together as the lead for
the sequel I think would be a really
cool thing to do once Netflix gives it
the green light which after giving a
season two to this they better he's a
child molester which means I might
actually have a shot thank you guys for
checking out this video a big shout out
to everyone who recommended this one I
was actually impressed by it it's not
like the thing I would be attracted to
the most but I thought it was actually a
pretty good story and I get why people
were like re watching this like crazy
people have seen it like 11 times some
of you who I recommend it to me on
Twitter so that you guys have been
binging this or going to binge until
Christmas but that was a cute movie I
liked I recommend it and out of all the
sequels that Netflix is given to some
garbage out there this one better get
one because again I thought was pretty
good I'm hear some of your thoughts down
below in the comments section let me
know any other Netflix series that you
think I should cover or movies or any
other other stuff don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I'll send
you to da Leyland